4 RC INTEGRATOR AND RC DIFFERENTIATOR.md, before:

## Exp. No. 4
**Date:**  25/10/25

## RC INTEGRATOR AND RC DIFFERENTIATOR
<img width="486" height="664" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cd74d70-fbc8-41a1-9297-ac8f65775583" />
<img width="314" height="185" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d8a989a0-44d2-43dc-9176-45fd10dd4158" />


# Circuit Diagram 
# DIFFERENTIATOR
<img width="263" height="172" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15f4b02d-5b3c-4fda-b132-cc5b8caa8b74" />
<img width="292" height="187" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9b94bc4-8afd-4d60-be34-083bd3630c4f" />

# Model Graph
<img width="431" height="635" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5bc2e91-5312-4764-b281-b9669dc5f5ea" />

# INTEGRATOR
<img width="234" height="166" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d583f219-03b6-4533-b557-41e8d885fcc0" />

# Model Graph
<img width="437" height="331" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac12584c-7c60-4baa-a8e2-a0d1bd24150e" />

# Tabulation

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 08 39 18_4ccc1b80](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/102b753e-343b-495a-8110-36878e566ff0)

# Graph

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 08 38 17_edf763e5](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ae90e71-a3b0-4a84-89e8-aac773f16d08)


# Sample images 

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 10 38 51_48c7ba13](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35af7e4c-eab0-4786-a814-d593367f9079)


# Result

The Positive and Negative Clamper circuits were successfully constructed and tested. 
The positive clamper shifted the waveform upward by clamping the negative peaks to 0 V, 
while the negative clamper shifted the waveform downward by clamping the positive peaks to 0 V. 
Thus, both clampers operated correctly.

Commit message:

Update results for RC Integrator and Differentiator

4 RC INTEGRATOR AND RC DIFFERENTIATOR.md, after:

## Exp. No. 4
**Date:**  25/10/25

## RC INTEGRATOR AND RC DIFFERENTIATOR
<img width="486" height="664" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9cd74d70-fbc8-41a1-9297-ac8f65775583" />
<img width="314" height="185" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d8a989a0-44d2-43dc-9176-45fd10dd4158" />


# Circuit Diagram 
# DIFFERENTIATOR
<img width="263" height="172" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15f4b02d-5b3c-4fda-b132-cc5b8caa8b74" />
<img width="292" height="187" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9b94bc4-8afd-4d60-be34-083bd3630c4f" />

# Model Graph
<img width="431" height="635" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d5bc2e91-5312-4764-b281-b9669dc5f5ea" />

# INTEGRATOR
<img width="234" height="166" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d583f219-03b6-4533-b557-41e8d885fcc0" />

# Model Graph
<img width="437" height="331" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ac12584c-7c60-4baa-a8e2-a0d1bd24150e" />

# Tabulation

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 08 39 18_4ccc1b80](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/102b753e-343b-495a-8110-36878e566ff0)

# Graph

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 08 38 17_edf763e5](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ae90e71-a3b0-4a84-89e8-aac773f16d08)


# Sample images 

![WhatsApp Image 2025-11-19 at 10 38 51_48c7ba13](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35af7e4c-eab0-4786-a814-d593367f9079)


# Result

RESULT:

The RC Integrator and RC Differentiator circuits were implemented and tested successfully. 
The RC Integrator produced a smooth integrated output, while the RC Differentiator generated a 
sharp differentiated output. Thus, both RC circuits worked as expected.
